# Terms and Conditions
## 1. Access
This site is provided by ION Trading UK Limited, a limited company registered in England & Wales with company number 03261502 and with its registered office at 10 Queen Street Place, London EC4R 1BE, United Kingdom, and its affiliates (“ION”).  This site and the materials on it available for downloading (the “Site” and “Materials”) are for information purposes only and are for internal use by ION customers only.  If you are not an ION customer, then you are not permitted to use the Site or download any of the Materials.  Unauthorised use of the Site or Materials is unlawful.

These terms and conditions are supplemental to your written agreement with ION.  In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of any written agreement between you and ION, the terms and conditions of the written agreement shall prevail. By using the Site or downloading Materials, you agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions set forth in these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms and conditions, you must not use this Site or download any Materials from it.

## 2. Ownership
This Site and the Materials including, but not limited to, all informational text, software documentation, design of and “look and feel,” layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, design and functions, files, documents, and images are owned by ION.  The Site and Materials are ION’s confidential information, and are protected by copyright, trade mark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws.  All ION trade marks and service marks, logos, slogans and taglines are the property of ION. Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans and taglines are the property of their respective owners.  Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, nothing should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans or taglines displayed on this Site without ION’s express written permission.  You may not copy or make derivative works from this Site or the Materials, or distribute this Site or any Materials to any third-party, without ION’s express written permission.

## 3. Disclaimer
THIS SITE AND THE MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. ION DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE MATERIALS OR THE RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THIS SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT, MEMORANDUM, OR INFORMATION SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ION RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY PORTION OF THE SITE OR THE MATERIALS. ION MAY MAKE ANY OTHER CHANGES TO THIS SITE AND THE MATERIALS AND THE PRODUCTS, PROGRAMS, SERVICES OR PRICES (IF ANY) DESCRIBED IN THIS SITE OR THE MATERIALS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.  ANY STATEMENTS PROJECTING TIMES OR DATES ON THIS SITE OR IN THE MATERIALS ARE INDICATIONS ONLY AND MAY BE CHANGED OR CANCELLED BY ION WITHOUT NOTICE.

THIS SITE AND THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 4. Limitations of Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL ION BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA) THAT ARE RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE OR THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF ION IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

## 5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend ION and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns (collectively “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all liability, loss, claim, damages, expense, or costs, incurred by or made against the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising from or related to your use of this Site or the Materials. This includes, but is not limited to, any breach or violation of these terms and conditions by you or anyone you allow to access this Site or the Materials.  You agree to fully cooperate at your expense as reasonably required by an Indemnified Party.  Each Indemnified Party may, at its election, assume the defence and control of any matter for which it is indemnified hereunder.  You shall not settle any matter involving an Indemnified Party without the consent of the applicable Indemnified Party.

## 6. Changes
ION reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms and conditions in whole or in part, at any time. Changes to these terms and conditions will be effective when such change is posted on this Site. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to these terms and conditions are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. ION may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including the availability of any Materials, at any time. ION may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Site without notice or liability.

## 7. Disputes
These terms and conditions of shall be governed by the laws of England, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any disputes relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these terms and conditions or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of these terms and conditions, and the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect.

You acknowledge that a violation or attempted violation of any of these terms and conditions will cause such damage to ION as will be irreparable, the exact amount of which would be impossible to ascertain and for which there will be no adequate remedy at law.  Accordingly, you agree that ION shall be entitled as a matter of right to an injunction issued by any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining such violation or attempted violation of these terms and conditions by you, as well as to recover from you any and all costs and expenses sustained or incurred by ION in obtaining such an injunction. You agree that no bond or other security shall be required in connection with such injunction.

